Sorry.
Who are you?
I’m the sorcerer who set up this barrier.
This place was chosen
for a killing game.
Unfortunately, it’s not exactly an honor.
A killing game…
Could you not do that at my place?
You’re funny.
There’s an old execution ground
a short distance from here.
That’s the center of the barrier.
It’s about a five to six kilometer radius.
I pushed things to the limit
to create this barrier,
so I can’t impose
overly unreasonable conditions.
Those of you who were inside it
from the start
have the right to leave.
Just once.
If you want, when you wake up,
you’ll be outside the barrier.
So, what’ll it be?
When I wake up?
Is this a dream?
A gap between dream and reality.
Like a curse.
Be careful. Take it slow.
There are already some eager ones outside.
Oh, right. I almost forgot.
Thanks for being nice to my son.
Sasaki!
Iguchi!
Thank God, there’s someone I know!
MY FEET ACHE
I DON'T HAVE MY GLASSES
IGUCHI
Where are we?
Somewhere between Kotodai
and Hirose Dori, I think.
More importantly, look.
As an Occult Club member,
what do you make of this?
What do you mean?
NOVEMBER 1ST 6:02 A.M., SENDAI BARRIER
Can I talk about a dream I had?
Everyone is doing that.
A long-haired guy in a robe, right?
So you saw him too?
About his son and all that…
What? No, that part’s new to me.
Itadori?
Seriously? Mr. Gojo was sealed?
- Seriously.
What?
Also, sorry to pile this on,
but the principal is dead.
Panda?
Sorry. I kept quiet.
But it’s true.
It’s okay, Itadori. Not in Shibuya.
After that,
things got messy with the higher-ups.
That doesn’t make it okay.
The principal was your…
I know, and I said it’s okay. Thanks.
If you’re saying that,
we can’t say anything.
Yes.
Still, everyone who helped me ends up…
I haven’t felt this down
since Yakul got an arrow in the butt.
You’ve lived one hell of a life…
Fine.
I’ll help settle the Culling Game.
Don’t get it twisted.
I’m not doing this out of kindness.
This is a deal.
You got it? Once the Culling Game is over,
you guys will help me.
You want a say in revising
the jujutsu regulations, right?
Now that curses are public knowledge,
a revision is inevitable.
But what exactly are you going to do?
Either way, I don’t think
it will be that hard.
What? What do you know, sea urchin?
I’m head of the Zen'in clan.
- Really?
- What?
What? No way!
Sorry, but that’s the biggest shock
I’ve had all day.
If one of the Big Three backs me,
getting a say in the revision is easy.
The problem is what comes after.
How do we keep the Zen'in clan
out of running the fight club?
- Sea urchin head!
- It’s Fushiguro.
Fushiguro, my boy!
Let’s be friends.
Okay.
THE ZEN'IN FAMILY
WAS ANNIHILATED THE NEXT DAY
All right. Next is assigning
which colony barriers we head to.
Yuta was in Miyagi, right?
Ring-ring!
A rule has been added to the Culling Game
by a player!
Rule nine.
Players may view other players’ info.
Their name, points,
number of rules they have added,
and which colony barrier they’re in.
I’m Kogane!
I’m the liaison
between players and the Culling Game!
Did it just switch personalities
halfway through?
The first one was an announcement
from the Culling Game!
This one is me as the liaison
attached to player Yuji Itadori.
Oh, right, that’s what Tengen said…
No, that’s not right.
Why is Itadori already counted
as a player?
You need to have received techniques
or cursed objects from Kenjaku,
and then enter a colony barrier
to become a player, right?
Someone like Yuji Itadori,
who ingested a cursed object I gave out…
A thousand years ago, I didn’t
only make contracts with sorcerers…
He was a real person.
From over 1,000 years ago, though.
- Sukuna…
- Sukuna?
Maybe Sukuna was one of the sorcerers
who made a contract with Kenjaku
and became a cursed object?
So joining the Culling Game
was part of that contract?
Still, it’s weird.
You chose to ingest Sukuna’s finger.
I’m your witness.
Let’s leave it for now.
Itadori, have Kogane show us
the players’ information.
Kogane. Can you do it?
Sure can!
PLAYER LIST
This is him.
He already has 200 points?
Why do you think he added this rule?
At the very least,
it means he has killed 40 people.
Can't imagine he has an altruistic reason.
But with this,
we might be able to proceed
without killing anyone.
Kogane. Can you list only the players
with 100 points or more?
Well, I’m attached to Yuji Itadori.
It’s fine. Just do what Fushiguro says.
SEARCHING
People dragged into this, like Tsumiki,
won’t rush to leave the barrier
unless they panic.
And incarnated sorcerers from the past
all had their own reasons
for making contracts with Kenjaku.
They’re not all highly-motivated.
If there are still guys like Kashimo
who have points to spare…
Right. Someone with 100 points or more
who doesn’t plan to add a rule.
We’ll beat them…
And make them create a way out
for Tsumiki!
There it is.
SEARCHING
One more!
- Yes!
- First, we exploit Rule Eight.
- What?
What was Rule Eight again?
If your points don’t change
within 19 days,
your technique is confiscated and you die.
So we add a rule stating
"Allow players
to transfer points between themselves."
THIRD DAY-7:05 A.M-FIFTH DAY-09:58 A.M.
FIRST DAY-4:46 A.M.- 0:00
If we keep circulating points
among ourselves,
we won’t have our techniques confiscated,
and won't die.
If possible, we add one more rule.
"You can spend points
to withdraw from the Culling Game."
Wouldn’t that count as "a rule
that threatens to end the game"?
I think so too.
But if we include a condition
to pull a non-player into the Game
as a substitute, it might work.
Makes sense.
Does Kogane decide details like that?
Either way, we know what we have to do.
Yeah. While we search for Angel,
who can break the Prison Realm’s seal…
We’ll hunt Hajime Kashimo
and Hiromi Higuruma.
CONVINCING A PLAYER WITH 100 POINTS
WHO DOESN’T WANT TO ADD ANY NEW RULES
HUNT HAJIME KASHIMO, HUNT HIROMI HIGURUMA
TANINAKA GAINED 500 POINTS
OBITA GAINED 0 POINTS
BARRIER-TOKYO NUMBER TWO
No luck finding Angel.
It’s probably not their real name.
Like you and Sukuna.
Tengen said they’re on Tokyo’s east side…
In the Tokyo 2 colony.
Do we know what they look like?
Seems you’ll know when you see them.
- That doesn’t sound reassuring.
- What…
Whatever. Panda and I will go to Tokyo 2.
Fushiguro and Itadori will go to Tokyo 1.
Kirara waits outside the barriers.
What?
We good?
Based on what?
Going by points, Kashimo is the strongest,
so it makes sense for me to take him on.
So I’m left out?
Panda has a good nose,
so focus on finding Angel.
Okkotsu hasn’t contacted us,
so phones probably don’t work
inside the barriers.
We need someone outside
who can keep tabs on things.
Okay…
Wait.
Maybe Fushiguro and I should split up.
If Sukuna--
Shut up.
Shut up?
We can’t change the seniors’ roles.
Stop being selfish.
Selfish?
I’m worried about you!
You’re going to say that
every single time?
What a pain. You’re wasting time.
- What?
Stop fighting.
NOVEMBER 12TH, 12:00 P.M. TOKYO
7 DAYS 12 HOURS UNTIL TSUMIKI'S DEADLINE.
Yo. I’m Kogane.
Inside this barrier, a killing game,
the Culling Game is underway!
Once you step inside, you’re a player too!
Are you still going in?
- Yes.
No problem.
Hey, Amai!
I’ve been waiting
for your signal this whole time.
Well…
Even if you say that,
I can’t do anything
unless someone shows up…
What?
What's with you?
You talking back at me?
No, I… Sorry!
I’m begging you…
If you keep that up,
I’ll run you over.
We need to watch out
for incarnated sorcerers from the past.
Yes, that’s what I figured.
Explain it for me, Fushiguro.
Some of them are from 1,000 years ago.
The value of human life
was different even 100 or 200 years ago.
And they’re sorcerers.
Back then, dying in battle was normal.
They want to die fighting.
That might be why
they made a contract with Kenjaku.
Kashimo and Higuruma
are likely sorcerers from the past.
Don’t expect to negotiate.
And there are curses too.
Especially at night.
If it’s a modern-day sorcerer
who got dragged in like Tsumiki,
we might be able
to exchange information with them.
Yo, I’m Kogane!
Inside this barrier, a killing game,
the Culling Game is underway!
Once you step inside, you’re a player too!
Are you still going in?
Yes. No problem.
Megumi Fushiguro
has joined the Culling Game.
Would you like to view the Rules?
- No. I don’t need them.
- Huh?
- Itadori.
- Yes?
First, we gather info on Higuruma.
- Let’s go.
- Okay!
Fushiguro is gone!
When a player enters
a Culling Game barrier,
they’re randomly transferred
to one of nine preset locations.
This is a phenomenon
not listed in the rules.
At those nine locations, they’re waiting.
They’re here!
They target players
thrown off by the unexpected…
Newbie hunters.
This guy is tough!
Most people get shredded up by this.
Yet he’s still standing.
He’s no ordinary guy.
Darling, let’s regroup…
That was easy.
I need to ask about Higuruma.
Then I have to find Fushiguro.
What the hell?
What did you do to my woman?
I can ask him, then.
Hababa is here. Did he take Hanyu out?
That guy… I’ve seen him somewhere…
Itadori!
It hurts. It hurts so bad.
Why would you do this to me?
You attacked me first.
Damn! This split was unexpected.
Find something?
Nue couldn't find him either.
This colony is way bigger than Shibuya.
We’re probably more than
two kilometers apart…
But our destination is set.
Do you know a sorcerer named Higuruma?
Men really think that if they hit a woman,
she’ll do whatever they say.
Answer me.
Yes, I’m sorry.
Higuruma… You mean that guy?
He has 100 points.
Do you know where he is?
I see. So that’s what this is about.
You brat!
How are you so physically powerful?
I thought being on lower ground
would be a problem,
but his only way of attacking
is that propeller.
To kill me, he has to get close.
I’ll face him indoors.
I’ll turn you into a smoothie!
He's heading this way! Top of the head!
That plane woman earlier
had enough power to punch through
a building, with me in the way.
But she went down from a throw like that.
The farther they get
from the core of the cursed technique,
the weaker they become.
A binding vow? But no matter
how tough it is, a head is still a head.
If I can land a hit, I can crack it open!
So you broke your fist?
This fight is yours to lose!
I didn’t break it. Ouch…
I could tell you,
but I want you to do something for me too.
Say it.
Say it? Please…
- Tell me? Please…
- Say it.
Okay.
- Be my knight.
- Fine. That works.
Am I really no fun to tease?
We don’t have time. Hurry up. Walk…
You do realize a knight
risks their life to protect me, right?
If what you’re saying is true…
Hey, wake up.
I want to ask about a sorcerer
named Higuruma…
- Hey…
- Itadori…
I know.
I know about that Higuruma guy.
If you’re lying,
you know what happens, right?
I’m not like Itadori.
If I have to,
I can earn 100 points myself.
Don’t call me "you."
Call me Remi.
Long time no see. Do you remember me?
Who are you?
How does he know my name?
Sorry. It’s just that I know you.
You’re famous.
Nishinaka’s Tiger.
Oh, so you’re from my hometown.
EXCEPT BICYCLES
So you aren't a sorcerer from the past?
What? Do I really look
that old-fashioned to you?
Why are you fighting so aggressively?
Listen…
Non-player civilians
were let out of the colony barrier,
it seems,
but for players who were already
inside the colony barrier…
It has been 12 days
since the Culling Game started.
I’m not doing this because I want to!
If you don’t kill, you get killed!
If you keep looking for a reason to fight,
you’ll be dead.
After 12 days here,
you'll understand that.
I’ve seen people get drunk with power too.
So stop sorting people into
past sorcerer or modern sorcerer.
So past sorcerers are aggressive,
and modern sorcerers
go into fight mode too.
I said too much to Itadori…
Is that okay?
Weren’t those two your friends?
I’m just an errand boy.
I would’ve been killed sooner or later.
Wait.
Tell me where you’re headed.
Listen! If I tell you,
how do I know you won’t kill me after?
I see… Well…
I’m Amai. Rin Amai.
What if you die before we get there?
Come on! You'll protect me, right?
And stop calling me "you"!
Always a chance you'll die.
Amai. Where’s Higuruma?
Fine. I’ll give you a rough idea.
Stronger ones gather in places
that used to be thriving.
Supplies are plentiful there.
- Higuruma is…
- Higuruma is
- in Ikebukuro.
-…in Shinjuku.
- There.
I simply see potential
in the Culling Game.
Everyone in this country will die.
You got played.
Sorry, Itadori…
A sorcerer connected to Kenjaku…
I want to talk.
Try again.
NEXT EPISODE